Document Connection::afterCommit() and deferred commit events (#8281)
cakephp/docs: docs/en/appendices/5-4-migration-guide.md

  has changed from `select` to `subquery`. If you need the previous behavior,
  explicitly set `'strategy' => 'select'` when defining associations.
  See [Associations](../orm/associations#has-many-associations) for more details.
- `Model.afterSaveCommit` and `Model.afterDeleteCommit` events are now fired

>   when `save()` or `delete()` is called inside an outer transaction. Previously,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when `save()` or `delete()` is called within an open transaction. Previously,
```

🤷

Author: Since this is the migration guide, I'm thinking about it from the perspective of a developer scanning release notes for this specific fix, so I'd like to keep the original wording to match what they'd be searching for.
